c:\users\darcy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial Number\Serial Number\bin\Debug\Serial Number.exe.config
c:\users\darcy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial Number\Serial Number\bin\Debug\Serial Number.exe
c:\users\darcy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial Number\Serial Number\bin\Debug\Serial Number.pdb
c:\users\darcy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial Number\Serial Number\bin\Debug\Serial Number.xml
c:\users\darcy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial Number\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial Number.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\darcy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial Number\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial_Number.Form1.resources
c:\users\darcy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial Number\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial_Number.Resources.resources
c:\users\darcy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial Number\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial Number.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\darcy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial Number\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial Number.exe
c:\users\darcy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial Number\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial Number.xml
c:\users\darcy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial Number\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial Number.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\bin\Debug\Serial Number.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\bin\Debug\Serial Number.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\bin\Debug\Serial Number.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\bin\Debug\Serial Number.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial Number.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial_Number.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial_Number.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial Number.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial Number.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial Number.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial Number.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Serial-Number-System\VB.NET Files\Serial Number\obj\Debug\Serial Number.pdb
